yeah I got this little little baby yeah
this white so I switched from that cash
a custom lure
I stopped using the cash a custom lure
ones and i showed you at the beginning
of this video but i'm using just think
it's like a six inch just eat zoom white
trick or call them good yeah and i'll
get back to you guys when I get some
more
well it's a nice size one big kitty is
you're bleeding no way down should have
got the plies yeah well maybe half
pounder that is so smooth well he hasn't
passed replay this really his fast like
George myself swirl out there they look
bad looks like a minim that's like a
beggar own little hey that's another one
got another bass and this is little zune
more Bassam so far he goes in there